2:I[278,["648","static/chunks/648-3806c866c56f6739.js","931","static/chunks/app/page-7545d700f03b17b6.js"],"default"]
2d:I[5124,["648","static/chunks/648-3806c866c56f6739.js","185","static/chunks/app/layout-b08bd280102e4b1e.js"],"default"]
2e:I[4707,[],""]
2f:I[6423,[],""]
3:T5a3,Implicit Neural Representations (INRs) have recently demonstrated impressive performance for video compression. However, since a separate INR must be overfit for each video, scaling to high-resolution videos while maintaining encoding efficiency remains a significant challenge. Hypernetwork-based approaches predict INR weights (hyponetworks) for unseen videos at high speeds, but with low quality, large compressed size, and prohibitive memory needs at higher resolutions. We address these fundamental limitations through three key contributions: (1) an approach that decomposes the weight prediction task spatially and temporally, by breaking short video segments into patch tubelets, to reduce the pretraining memory overhead by 20$\times$; (2) a residual-based storage scheme that captures only differences between consecutive segment representations, significantly reducing bitstream size; and (3) a temporal coherence regularization framework that encourages changes in the weight space to be correlated with video content. Our proposed method, TeCoNeRV, achieves substantial improvements of 2.47dB and 5.35dB PSNR over the baseline at 480p and 720p on UVG, with 36% lower bitrates and 1.5-3$\times$ faster encoding speeds. With our low memory usage, we are the first hypernetwork approach to demonstrate results at 480p, 720p and 1080p on UVG, HEVC and MCL-JCV. Our project page is available at https://namithap10.github.io/teconerv/ .4:T5fe,Latent space models are widely used for analyzing high-dimensional discrete data matrices, such as patient-feature matrices in electronic health records (EHRs), by capturing complex dependence structures through low-dimensional embeddings. However, estimation becomes challenging in the imbalanced regime, where one matrix dimension is much larger than the other. In EHR applications, cohort sizes are often limited by disease prevalence or data availability, whereas the feature space remains extremely large due to the breadth of medical coding system. Motivated by the increasing availability of external semantic embeddings, such as pre-trained embeddings of clinical concepts in EHRs, we propose a knowledge-embedded latent projection model that leverages semantic side information to regularize representation learning. Specifically, we model column embeddings as smooth functions of semantic embeddings via a mapping in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space. We develop a computationally efficient two-step estimation procedure that combines semantically guided subspace construction via kernel principal component analysis with scalable projected gradient descent. We establish estimation error bounds that characterize the trade-off between statistical error and approximation error induced by the kernel projection. Furthermore, we provide local convergence guarantees for our non-convex optimization procedure. Extensive simulation studies and a real-world EHR application demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.5:T5f9,LLM-based agents are increasingly being deployed in contexts requiring complex authorization policies: customer service protocols, approval workflows, data access restrictions, and regulatory compliance. Embedding these policies in prompts provides no enforcement guarantees. We present PCAS, a Policy Compiler for Agentic Systems that provides deterministic policy enforcement.   Enforcing such policies requires tracking information flow across agents, which linear message histories cannot capture. Instead, PCAS models the agentic system state as a dependency graph capturing causal relationships among events such as tool calls, tool results, and messages. Policies are expressed in a Datalog-derived language, as declarative rules that account for transitive information flow and cross-agent provenance. A reference monitor intercepts all actions and blocks violations before execution, providing deterministic enforcement independent of model reasoning.   PCAS takes an existing agent implementation and a policy specification, and compiles them into an instrumented system that is policy-compliant by construction, with no security-specific restructuring required. We evaluate PCAS on three case studies: information flow policies for prompt injection defense, approval workflows in a multi-agent pharmacovigilance system, and organizational policies for customer service. On customer service tasks, PCAS improves policy compliance from 48% to 93% across frontier models, with zero policy violations in instrumented runs.6:T6bf,Visual loco-manipulation of arbitrary objects in the wild with humanoid robots requires accurate end-effector (EE) control and a generalizable understanding of the scene via visual inputs (e.g., RGB-D images). Existing approaches are based on real-world imitation learning and exhibit limited generalization due to the difficulty in collecting large-scale training datasets. This paper presents a new paradigm, HERO, for object loco-manipulation with humanoid robots that combines the strong generalization and open-vocabulary understanding of large vision models with strong control performance from simulated training. We achieve this by designing an accurate residual-aware EE tracking policy. This EE tracking policy combines classical robotics with machine learning. It uses a) inverse kinematics to convert residual end-effector targets into reference trajectories, b) a learned neural forward model for accurate forward kinematics, c) goal adjustment, and d) replanning. Together, these innovations help us cut down the end-effector tracking error by 3.2x. We use this accurate end-effector tracker to build a modular system for loco-manipulation, where we use open-vocabulary large vision models for strong visual generalization. Our system is able to operate in diverse real-world environments, from offices to coffee shops, where the robot is able to reliably manipulate various everyday objects (e.g., mugs, apples, toys) on surfaces ranging from 43cm to 92cm in height. Systematic modular and end-to-end tests in simulation and the real world demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed design. We believe the advances in this paper can open up new ways of training humanoid robots to interact with daily objects.7:T5cc,Fast weight architectures offer a promising alternative to attention-based transformers for long-context modeling by maintaining constant memory overhead regardless of context length. However, their potential is limited by the next-token prediction (NTP) training paradigm. NTP optimizes single-token predictions and ignores semantic coherence across multiple tokens following a prefix. Consequently, fast weight models, which dynamically update their parameters to store contextual information, learn suboptimal representations that fail to capture long-range dependencies. We introduce REFINE (Reinforced Fast weIghts with Next sEquence prediction), a reinforcement learning framework that trains fast weight models under the next-sequence prediction (NSP) objective. REFINE selects informative token positions based on prediction entropy, generates multi-token rollouts, assigns self-supervised sequence-level rewards, and optimizes the model with group relative policy optimization (GRPO). REFINE is applicable throughout the training lifecycle of pre-trained language models: mid-training, post-training, and test-time training. Our experiments on LaCT-760M and DeltaNet-1.3B demonstrate that REFINE consistently outperforms supervised fine-tuning with NTP across needle-in-a-haystack retrieval, long-context question answering, and diverse tasks in LongBench. REFINE provides an effective and versatile framework for improving long-context modeling in fast weight architectures.8:T637,Large language models (LLMs) perform strongly on biological benchmarks, raising concerns that they may help novice actors acquire dual-use laboratory skills. Yet, whether this translates to improved human performance in the physical laboratory remains unclear. To address this, we conducted a pre-registered, investigator-blinded, randomized controlled trial (June-August 2025; n = 153) evaluating whether LLMs improve novice performance in tasks that collectively model a viral reverse genetics workflow. We observed no significant difference in the primary endpoint of workflow completion (5.2% LLM vs. 6.6% Internet; P = 0.759), nor in the success rate of individual tasks. However, the LLM arm had numerically higher success rates in four of the five tasks, most notably for the cell culture task (68.8% LLM vs. 55.3% Internet; P = 0.059). Post-hoc Bayesian modeling of pooled data estimates an approximate 1.4-fold increase (95% CrI 0.74-2.62) in success for a "typical" reverse genetics task under LLM assistance. Ordinal regression modelling suggests that participants in the LLM arm were more likely to progress through intermediate steps across all tasks (posterior probability of a positive effect: 81%-96%). Overall, mid-2025 LLMs did not substantially increase novice completion of complex laboratory procedures but were associated with a modest performance benefit. These results reveal a gap between in silico benchmarks and real-world utility, underscoring the need for physical-world validation of AI biosecurity assessments as model capabilities and user proficiency evolve.9:T5dc,Vision-language models (VLMs) aim to reason by jointly leveraging visual and textual modalities. While allocating additional inference-time computation has proven effective for large language models (LLMs), achieving similar scaling in VLMs remains challenging. A key obstacle is that visual inputs are typically provided only once at the start of generation, while textual reasoning (e.g., early visual summaries) is generated autoregressively, causing reasoning to become increasingly text-dominated and allowing early visual grounding errors to accumulate. Moreover, vanilla guidance for visual grounding during inference is often coarse and noisy, making it difficult to steer reasoning over long texts. To address these challenges, we propose \emph{Saliency-Aware Principle} (SAP) selection. SAP operates on high-level reasoning principles rather than token-level trajectories, which enable stable control over discrete generation under noisy feedback while allowing later reasoning steps to re-consult visual evidence when renewed grounding is required. In addition, SAP supports multi-route inference, enabling parallel exploration of diverse reasoning behaviors. SAP is model-agnostic and data-free, requiring no additional training. Empirical results show that SAP achieves competitive performance, especially in reducing object hallucination, under comparable token-generation budgets while yielding more stable reasoning and lower response latency than CoT-style long sequential reasoning.a:T559,LLMs are increasingly being used for complex problems which are not necessarily resolved in a single response, but require interacting with an environment to acquire information. In these scenarios, LLMs must reason about inherent cost-uncertainty tradeoffs in when to stop exploring and commit to an answer. For instance, on a programming task, an LLM should test a generated code snippet if it is uncertain about the correctness of that code; the cost of writing a test is nonzero, but typically lower than the cost of making a mistake. In this work, we show that we can induce LLMs to explicitly reason about balancing these cost-uncertainty tradeoffs, then perform more optimal environment exploration. We formalize multiple tasks, including information retrieval and coding, as sequential decision-making problems under uncertainty. Each problem has latent environment state that can be reasoned about via a prior which is passed to the LLM agent. We introduce a framework called Calibrate-Then-Act (CTA), where we feed the LLM this additional context to enable it to act more optimally. This improvement is preserved even under RL training of both the baseline and CTA. Our results on information-seeking QA and on a simplified coding task show that making cost-benefit tradeoffs explicit with CTA can help agents discover more optimal decision-making strategies.b:T53e,Interpretability research on large language models (LLMs) has yielded important insights into model behaviour, yet recurring pitfalls persist: findings that do not generalise, and causal interpretations that outrun the evidence. Our position is that causal inference specifies what constitutes a valid mapping from model activations to invariant high-level structures, the data or assumptions needed to achieve it, and the inferences it can support. Specifically, Pearl's causal hierarchy clarifies what an interpretability study can justify. Observations establish associations between model behaviour and internal components. Interventions (e.g., ablations or activation patching) support claims how these edits affect a behavioural metric (\eg, average change in token probabilities) over a set of prompts. However, counterfactual claims -- i.e., asking what the model output would have been for the same prompt under an unobserved intervention -- remain largely unverifiable without controlled supervision. We show how causal representation learning (CRL) operationalises this hierarchy, specifying which variables are recoverable from activations and under what assumptions. Together, these motivate a diagnostic framework that helps practitioners select methods and evaluations matching claims to evidence such that findings generalise.c:T47b,Machine unlearning aims to remove specific data points from a trained model, often striving to emulate "perfect retraining", i.e., producing the model that would have been obtained had the deleted data never been included. We demonstrate that this approach, and security definitions that enable it, carry significant privacy risks for the remaining (undeleted) data points. We present a reconstruction attack showing that for certain tasks, which can be computed securely without deletions, a mechanism adhering to perfect retraining allows an adversary controlling merely $ω(1)$ data points to reconstruct almost the entire dataset merely by issuing deletion requests. We survey existing definitions for machine unlearning, showing they are either susceptible to such attacks or too restrictive to support basic functionalities like exact summation. To address this problem, we propose a new security definition that specifically safeguards undeleted data against leakage caused by the deletion of other points. We show that our definition permits several essential functionalities, such as bulletin boards, summations, and statistical learning.d:T5e4,We investigate bound states of a non-relativistic scalar particle in a three-dimensional helically twisted (torsional) geometry, considering both the free case and the presence of external radial interactions. The dynamics is described by the Schrödinger equation on a curved spatial background and, when included, by minimal coupling to a magnetic vector potential incorporating an Aharonov--Bohm flux. After separation of variables, the problem reduces to a one-dimensional radial eigenvalue equation governed by an effective potential that combines torsion-induced Coulomb-like and centrifugal-like structures with magnetic/flux-dependent terms and optional model interactions. Because closed-form analytic solutions are not reliable over the parameter ranges required for systematic scans, we compute spectra and eigenfunctions numerically by formulating the radial equation as a self-adjoint Sturm--Liouville problem and solving it with a finite-difference discretization on a truncated radial domain, with explicit convergence control. We analyze four representative scenarios: (i) no external potential, (ii) Cornell-type confinement, (iii) Kratzer-type interaction, and (iv) the small-oscillation regime around the minimum of a Morse potential. We present systematic trends of the low-lying levels as functions of the torsion parameter, magnetic field, and azimuthal sector, and we show that geometric couplings alone can produce effective confinement even in the absence of an external interaction.e:T758,We study scalar waves on subextremal Kerr-de Sitter spacetimes in a compact slow-rotation regime and at a fixed overtone index. Working initially at a fixed cosmological constant $Λ>0$ and uniformly for $(M,a)$ in a compact slow-rotation set, using the meromorphic/Fredholm framework for quasinormal modes and a semiclassical equatorial labeling proved in a companion paper, we establish a quantitative two-mode dominance theorem in an equatorial high-frequency package: after exact azimuthal reduction, microlocal equatorial localization, and analytic pole selection by entire localization weights constructed from equatorial pseudopoles, the $k=\pm\ell$ sector signals are each governed by a single quasinormal exponential, up to an explicitly controlled tail and an $\mathcal O(\ell^{-\infty})$ contribution from all other poles. We then develop a fully deterministic frequency-extraction stability estimate based on time-shift invariance, and combine it with the two-mode dominance result and the companion paper's inverse stability theorem to obtain an explicit parameter bias bound for ringdown-based recovery of $(M,a)$. Finally, using the companion paper's three-parameter inverse theorem and a damping observable based on the scaled imaginary part of one equatorial mode, we propagate the same deterministic error chain to a local bias bound for recovery of $(M,a,Λ)$ on compact parameter sets with $|a|$ bounded away from $0$. As a further consequence, we obtain a localized pseudospectral stability statement for the equatorial resolvent package, quantifying how large microlocalized resolvent norms enforce proximity to the labeled equatorial poles. The resulting estimates clarify the conditioning mechanisms (start time, window length, shift step, and detector nondegeneracy) and provide a rigorous PDE-to-data interface for high-frequency black-hole spectroscopy.f:T486,Intermodal quantum key distribution at telecom wavelengths provides a hybrid interface between fiber connections and free-space links, both essential for the realization of scalable and interoperable quantum networks. Although demonstrated over short-range free-space links, long-distance implementations of intermodal quantum key distribution remain challenging, due to turbulence-induced wavefront aberrations which limit efficient single-mode fiber coupling at the optical receiver. Here, we demonstrate a real-time intermodal quantum key distribution field trial over an 18 km free-space link, connecting a remote terminal to an urban optical ground station equipped with a 40 cm-class telescope. An adaptive optics system, implementing direct wavefront sensing and high-order aberration correction, enables efficient single-mode fiber coupling and allows secure key generation of 200 bit/s using a compact state analyzer equipped with room-temperature detectors. We further validate through experimental data a turbulence-based model for predicting fiber coupling efficiency, providing practical design guidelines for future intermodal quantum networks.10:T523,Standard Variational Quantum Circuits (VQCs) struggle to scale to high-dimensional data due to the ``curse of dimensionality,'' which manifests as exponential simulation costs ($\mathcal{O}(2^d)$) and untrainable Barren Plateaus. Existing solutions often bypass this by relying on classical neural networks for feature compression, obscuring the true quantum capability. In this work, we propose the \textbf{Multi-Layer Fully-Connected VQC (FC-VQC)}, a modular architecture that performs \textbf{end-to-end quantum learning} without trainable classical encoders. By restricting local Hilbert space dimensions while enabling global feature interaction via structured block mixing, our framework achieves \textbf{linear scalability $\mathcal{O}(d)$}. We empirically validate this approach on standard benchmarks and a high-dimensional industrial task: \textbf{300-asset Option Portfolio Pricing}. In this regime, the FC-VQC breaks the ``Classical Ceiling,'' outperforming state-of-the-art Gradient Boosting baselines (XGBoost/CatBoost) while exhibiting \textbf{$\approx 17\times$ greater parameter efficiency} than Deep Neural Networks. These results provide concrete evidence that pure, modular quantum architectures can effectively learn industrial-scale feature spaces that are intractable for monolithic ansatzes.11:T507,As quantum technologies mature, telecommunication operators have a clear opportunity to unlock and scale new services by providing the connectivity layer that links quantum computers, sensors, clocks, and other quantum devices. Realizing this opportunity requires demonstrating quantum networking protocols, including quantum teleportation, under real-world conditions on existing telecom infrastructure. In this work, we demonstrate quantum teleportation over Deutsche Telekom's metropolitan fiber testbed in Berlin using commercial components deployed at the telecom datacenter. A local Bell-state measurement between 795 nm photons from a weak coherent source and from a bichromatic warm-atom entangled photon source enables conditional state transfer onto an O-band photon, which is transmitted through a 30-km field-deployed fiber loop under real-world environmental conditions. The teleported state is reconstructed after propagation via state tomography, achieving an average teleportation fidelity of 90\% on the deployed link. System performance is evaluated in both the absence and the presence of co-propagating C-band classical traffic within the same fiber, demonstrating compatibility with wavelength-division multiplexed telecom infrastructure carrying live data channels.12:T4b3,Single-cell RNA sequencing (scRNA-seq) data exhibit strong and reproducible statistical structure. This has motivated the development of large-scale foundation models, such as TranscriptFormer, that use transformer-based architectures to learn a generative model for gene expression by embedding genes into a latent vector space. These embeddings have been used to obtain state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance on downstream tasks such as cell-type classification, disease-state prediction, and cross-species learning. Here, we ask whether similar performance can be achieved without utilizing computationally intensive deep learning-based representations. Using simple, interpretable pipelines that rely on careful normalization and linear methods, we obtain SOTA or near SOTA performance across multiple benchmarks commonly used to evaluate single-cell foundation models, including outperforming foundation models on out-of-distribution tasks involving novel cell types and organisms absent from the training data. Our findings highlight the need for rigorous benchmarking and suggest that the biology of cell identity can be captured by simple linear representations of single cell gene expression data.13:T768,Background: Human behavior shapes infectious disease dynamics, yet its integration into transmission models remains fragmented. Recent epidemics, particularly COVID-19, highlight the need for models capturing adaptation to perceived risk, social influence, and policy signals. This review synthesizes post-2020 models incorporating behavioral adaptation, examines their theoretical grounding, and evaluates how behavioral constructs modify transmission, vaccination, and compliance. Methods: Following PRISMA guidelines, we searched Scopus and PubMed (2020-2025), screening 1,274 records with citation chaining. We extracted data on disease context, country, modeling framework, behavioral mechanisms (prevalence-dependent, policy/media, imitation/social learning), and psychosocial constructs (personal threat, coping appraisal, barriers, social norms, cues to action). A total of 216 studies met inclusion criteria. Results: COVID-19 accounted for 73% of studies. Most used compartmental ODE models (81%) and focused on theoretical or U.S. settings. Behavioral change was mainly reactive: 47% applied prevalence-dependent feedback, 25% included awareness/media dynamics, and 19% relied on exogenous policy triggers. Game-theoretic or social learning approaches were rare (less or equal than 5%). Behavioral effects primarily modified contact or transmission rates (91%). Psychosocial constructs were unevenly represented: cues to action (n=159) and personal threat (n=145) dominated, whereas coping appraisal (n=82), barriers (n=36), and social norms (n=25) were less common. Conclusions: We propose a taxonomy structured by behavioral drivers, social scale, and memory to clarify dominant paradigms and their empirical basis. Mapping models to psychosocial constructs provides guidance for more theory-informed and data grounded-integration of behavioral processes in epidemiological modeling.14:T5bf,Recent success in natural language processing has motivated growing interest in large-scale foundation models for neuroimaging data. Such models often require discretization of continuous neural time series data, a process referred to as 'tokenization'. However, the impact of different tokenization strategies for neural data is currently poorly understood. In this work, we present a systematic evaluation of sample-level tokenization strategies for transformer-based large neuroimaging models (LNMs) applied to magnetoencephalography (MEG) data. We compare learnable and non-learnable tokenizers by examining their signal reconstruction fidelity and their impact on subsequent foundation modeling performance (token prediction, biological plausibility of generated data, preservation of subject-specific information, and performance on downstream tasks). For the learnable tokenizer, we introduce a novel approach based on an autoencoder. Experiments were conducted on three publicly available MEG datasets spanning different acquisition sites, scanners, and experimental paradigms. Our results show that both learnable and non-learnable discretization schemes achieve high reconstruction accuracy and broadly comparable performance across most evaluation criteria, suggesting that simple fixed sample-level tokenization strategies can be used in the development of neural foundation models. The code is available at https://github.com/OHBA-analysis/Cho2026_Tokenizer.15:T6d6,There is growing evidence that independently trained AI systems come to represent the world in the same way. In other words, independently trained embeddings from text, vision, audio, and neural signals share an underlying geometry. We call this the Representational Alignment Hypothesis (RAH) and investigate evidence for and consequences of this claim. The evidence is of two kinds: (i) internal structure comparison techniques, such as representational similarity analysis and topological data analysis, reveal matching relational patterns across modalities without explicit mapping; and (ii) methods based on cross-modal embedding alignment, which learn mappings between representation spaces, show that simple linear transformations can bring different embedding spaces into close correspondence, suggesting near-isomorphism. Taken together, the evidence suggests that, even after controlling for trivial commonalities inherent in standard data preprocessing and embedding procedures, a robust structural correspondence persists, hinting at an underlying organizational principle. Some have argued that this result shows that the shared structure is getting at a fundamental, Platonic level of reality. We argue that this conclusion is unjustified. Moreover, we aim to give the idea an alternative philosophical home, rooted in contemporary metasemantics (i.e., theories of what makes a representation and what makes something meaningful) and responses to the symbol grounding problem. We conclude by considering the scope of the RAH and proposing new ways of distinguishing semantic structures that are genuinely invariant from those that inevitably arise due to the fact that all our data is generated under human-specific conditions on Earth.16:T64f,Natural birth and death are fundamental mechanisms of population dynamics in ecosystems and have played pivotal roles in shaping population dynamics. Nevertheless, in studies of cyclic competition systems governed by the rock-paper-scissors (RPS) game, these mechanisms have often been ignored in analyses of biodiversity. On the other hand, given the prevalence and profound impact on biodiversity, understanding how higher-order interactions (HOIs) can affect biodiversity is one of the most challenging issues, and thus HOIs have been continuously studied for their effects on biodiversity in systems of cyclic competing populations, with a focus on neutral species. However, in real ecosystems, species can evolve and die naturally or be preyed upon by predators, whereas previous studies have considered only classic reaction rules among three species with a neutral, nonparticipant species. To identify how neutral species can affect the biodiversity of the RPS system when species' natural birth and death are assumed, we consider a model of neutral species in higher-order interactions within the spatial RPS system, assuming birth-and-death processes. Extensive simulations show that when neutral species interfere positively, they dominate the available space, thereby reducing the proportion of other species. Conversely, when the interference is harmful, the density of competing species increases. In addition, unlike traditional RPS dynamics, biodiversity can be effectively maintained even in high-mobility regimes. Our study reaffirms the critical role of neutral species in preserving biodiversity.17:T77b,The representation of protein backbone geometry through the discrete nonlinear Schrödinger equation provides a theoretical connection between biological structure and integrable systems. Although the global application of this framework is constrained by chiral degeneracies and non-local interactions we propose that helical peptides can be effectively modeled as piecewise integrable systems in which the discrete Hasimoto map remains applicable within specific geometric boundaries. We delineate these boundaries through an analytic characterization of the mapping between biochemical dihedral angles and Frenet frame parameters for a dataset of 50 helical peptide chains. We demonstrate that the transformation is information-preserving globally but ill-conditioned within the helical basin characterized by a median Jacobian condition number of 31 which suggests that the loss of chiral information arises primarily from local coordinate compression rather than topological singularities. We define a local integrability error $E[n]$ derived from the discrete dispersion relation to show that deviations from integrability are driven predominantly by torsion non-uniformity while curvature remains structurally rigid. This metric identifies integrable islands where the analytic dispersion relation predicts backbone coordinates with sub-angstrom accuracy yielding a median root-mean-square deviation of 0.77\,Å and enables a segmentation strategy that isolates structural defects. We further indicate that the inverse design of peptide backbones is feasible within a quantitatively defined integrability zone where the design constraint reduces essentially to the control of torsion uniformity. These findings advance the Hasimoto formalism from a qualitative descriptor toward a precise quantitative framework for analyzing and designing local protein geometry within the limits of piecewise integrability.18:T726,Gene Regulatory Networks(GRNs) with feedback are essential components of many cellular processes and may exhibit oscillatory behavior. Analyzing such systems becomes increasingly complex as the number of components increases. Since gene regulation often involves a small number of molecules, fluctuations are inevitable. Therefore, it is important to understand how fluctuations affect the oscillatory dynamics of cellular processes, as this will allow comprehension of the mechanisms that enable cellular functions to remain even in the presence of fluctuations or, failing that, to determine the limit of fluctuations that permits various cellular functions. In this study, we investigated the conditions under which GRNs with feedback and intrinsic fluctuations exhibit oscillatory behavior. Our focus was on developing a procedure that would be both manageable and practical, even for extensive regulatory networks, that is, those comprising numerous nodes. Using the second-moment approach, we described the stochastic dynamics through a set of ordinary differential equations for the mean concentration and its second central moment. The system can attain either a stable equilibrium or oscillatory behavior, depending on its scale and, consequently, the intensity of fluctuations. To illustrate the procedure, we analyzed two relevant systems: a repressilator with three nodes and a system with five nodes, both incorporating intrinsic fluctuations. In both cases, it was observed that for very small systems, which therefore exhibit significant fluctuations, oscillatory behavior is inhibited. The procedure presented here for analyzing the stability of oscillations under fluctuations enables the determination of the critical minimum size of GRNs at which intrinsic fluctuations do not eliminate their cyclical behavior.19:T77a,Epilepsy affects over 50 million people worldwide, and one-third of patients suffer drug-resistant seizures where surgery offers the best chance of seizure freedom. Accurate localization of the epileptogenic zone (EZ) relies on intracranial EEG (iEEG). Clinical workflows, however, remain constrained by labor-intensive manual review. At the same time, existing data-driven approaches are typically developed on single-center datasets that are inconsistent in format and metadata, lack standardized benchmarks, and rarely release pathological event annotations, creating barriers to reproducibility, cross-center validation, and clinical relevance. With extensive efforts to reconcile heterogeneous iEEG formats, metadata, and recordings across publicly available sources, we present $\textbf{Omni-iEEG}$, a large-scale, pre-surgical iEEG resource comprising $\textbf{302 patients}$ and $\textbf{178 hours}$ of high-resolution recordings. The dataset includes harmonized clinical metadata such as seizure onset zones, resections, and surgical outcomes, all validated by board-certified epileptologists. In addition, Omni-iEEG provides over 36K expert-validated annotations of pathological events, enabling robust biomarker studies. Omni-iEEG serves as a bridge between machine learning and epilepsy research. It defines clinically meaningful tasks with unified evaluation metrics grounded in clinical priors, enabling systematic evaluation of models in clinically relevant settings. Beyond benchmarking, we demonstrate the potential of end-to-end modeling on long iEEG segments and highlight the transferability of representations pretrained on non-neurophysiological domains. Together, these contributions establish Omni-iEEG as a foundation for reproducible, generalizable, and clinically translatable epilepsy research. The project page with dataset and code links is available at omni-ieeg.github.io/omni-ieeg.1a:T43b,The loss of biodiversity due to the likely widespread extinction of species in the near future is a focus of current concern in conservation biology. One approach to measure the impact of this extinction is based on the predicted loss of phylogenetic diversity. These predictions have become a focus of the Zoological Society of London's 'EDGE2' program for quantifying biodiversity loss and involves considering the HED (heightened evolutionary distinctiveness) and HEDGE (heightened evolutionary distinctiveness and globally endangered) indices. Here, we show how to generalise the HED(GE) indices by expanding their application to more general settings (to phylogenetic networks, to feature diversity on discrete traits, and to arbitrary biodiversity measures). We provide a simple and explicit description of the mean and variance of such measures, and illustrate our results by an application to the phylogeny of all 27 extant Crocodilians. We also derive various equalities for feature diversity, and an inequality if species extinction rates are correlated with feature types.1b:T6e6,Recrystallization is a phenomenon in which a plastically deformed polycrystalline microstructure with a high dislocation density transforms into another that has low dislocation density. This evolution is driven by the stored energy in dislocations, rather than grain growth driven by grain boundary energy alone. One difficulty in quantitative modeling of recrystallization is the uncertainty in material parameters, which can be addressed by integration of experimental data into simulations. In this work, we compare simulated static recrystallization dynamics of a Mg-3Zn-0.1Ca wt.% alloy to experiments involving thermomechanical processing followed by measurements of the recrystallization fraction over time. The simulations are performed by combining PRISMS software for crystal plasticity and phase-field models (PRISMS-Plasticity and PRISMS-PF, respectively) in an integrated computational materials engineering framework. At 20% strain and annealing at 350 °C, the model accurately describes recrystallization dynamics up to a mobility-dependent time scale factor. While the average grain boundary mobility and the fraction of plastic work converted into stored energy are not precisely known, by fitting simulations to experimental data, we show that the average grain boundary mobility can be determined if the fraction of plastic work converted to stored energy is known, or vice versa. For low annealing temperatures, we observe a discrepancy between the model and experiments in the late stages of recrystallization, where a slowdown in recrystallization kinetics occurs in the experiments. We discuss possible sources of this slowdown and propose additional physical mechanisms that need to be accounted for in the model to improve its predictions.1c:T465,Ab initio auxiliary-field quantum Monte Carlo (AFQMC) is a systematically improvable many-body method, but its application to extended solids has been severely limited by unfavorable computational scaling and memory requirements that obstruct direct access to the thermodynamic and complete-basis-set limits. By combining tensor hypercontraction via interpolative separable density fitting with $\mathbf{k}$-point symmetry, we reduce the computational and memory scaling of ab initio AFQMC for solids to $O(N^3)$ and $O(N^2)$ with arbitrary basis, respectively, comparable to diffusion Monte Carlo. This enables direct and simultaneous thermodynamic-limit and complete-basis-set AFQMC calculations across insulating, metallic, and strongly correlated solids, without embedding, local approximations, empirical finite-size corrections, or composite schemes. Our results establish AFQMC as a general-purpose, systematically improvable alternative to diffusion Monte Carlo and coupled-cluster methods for predictive ab initio simulations of solids, enabling accurate energies and magnetic observables within a unified framework.1d:T4af,Fluid molecular ferroelectrics are a new class of organic materials where ferroelectricity is found in conjunction with 3D fluidity whilst still retaining spontaneous polarization values comparable to their traditional solid state counterparts. One of the major challenges for soft condensed matter physics is predicting whether a fluid molecular material will form ferroelectric phase with nematic or smectic order. Through the synthesis of forty five systematically varied molecules, and by analogy to solid molecular ferroelectrics, is it shown that subtle hydrogen fluorine substitution allows for tuneable syn-parallel pairing motifs resulting in either specific pairings leading too geometrically constrained lamellar order or diversified pairings stabilising nematic ordering. Large-scale, fully atomistic molecular dynamics simulations reveal that smectic ferroelectricity emerges from discrete lateral pairing modes, whereas nematic phases arise from a multiplicity of equivalent polar configurations. Together, these findings establish experimentally validated design principles for fluid molecular ferroelectrics and provide a predictive framework for engineering functional polar fluids.1e:T44d,We investigated the initial growth of TiTe$_2$ on Au(111) from sub-monolayer to multi-layer coverage by scanning tunneling microscopy (STM), low-energy electron diffraction intensity analysis (LEED-IV), and density functional theory (DFT). In the submonolayer regime we find a stable and well-ordered $(5\times\sqrt{3})_{\mathrm{rect}}$ superstructure consisting of separated TiTe$_2$ molecules, whereby the Ti atoms substitute Au atoms of the first substrate layer as proven by LEED-IV. By adding further Ti and Te in a 1:2 ratio and proper annealing dealloying sets in and a homogeneous 1T-TiTe$_2$ monolayer film on an unreconstructed substrate is formed. The resulting moiré structure is close to a $(4 \times 4)$ superstructure w.r.t. Au(111) and has a slightly expanded in-plane lattice parameter compared to the 1T-TiTe$_2$ bulk value. With further stoichiometric deposition, thicker 1T-TiTe$_2$ films grow. Surprisingly, a five layer thick film exhibits an even larger lattice-parameter (1.5 % larger than the bulk value). All LEED-IV analyses are based on best-fit R-factors of $R \le 0.13$.1f:T6b0,Understanding mechanisms of ion transport in bulk materials is central to designing next-generation ion conductors for energy storage devices, yet studies employing all-atom molecular dynamics (MD) have largely been limited to reporting overall transport coefficients without a quantitative, spatiotemporally resolved breakdown of \emph{how} charge is carried. We present a computational framework that analyzes MD trajectories to quantitatively interpret macroscopic transport by decomposing it into additive contributions from physically motivated events. They are defined either through heuristically identified microscopic transitions, capturing events such as single-ion hops, multi-ion hops, and vehicular motion, or through transitions between chemically interpretable coordination macrostates. The construction guarantees that attributed contributions sum exactly to the Onsager transport coefficients estimated via the Green-Kubo/Einstein formalism, while scanning the sampling window exposes characteristic temporal scales at which distinct transport mechanisms emerge and dominate. Applied across three prototypical electrolytes-inorganic crystals, liquids, and polymers-the framework quantitatively resolves long-standing debates (e.g., the role of concerted motion and exchange), identifies dominant mechanisms and rate-limiting steps, quantifies their frequencies and effectiveness, and extracts activation energies for distinct transport modes, thereby distilling design rules for fast conduction. This general and reproducible analysis tool turns MD trajectories into quantitative mechanism maps, enabling the ion-conductor community to adjudicate mechanistic hypotheses and accelerate discovery.20:T54e,The rare-event sampling problem has long been the central limiting factor in molecular dynamics (MD), especially in biomolecular simulation. Recently, diffusion models such as BioEmu have emerged as powerful equilibrium samplers that generate independent samples from complex molecular distributions, eliminating the cost of sampling rare transition events. However, a sampling problem remains when computing observables that rely on states which are rare in equilibrium, for example folding free energies. Here, we introduce enhanced diffusion sampling, enabling efficient exploration of rare-event regions while preserving unbiased thermodynamic estimators. The key idea is to perform quantitatively accurate steering protocols to generate biased ensembles and subsequently recover equilibrium statistics via exact reweighting. We instantiate our framework in three algorithms: UmbrellaDiff (umbrella sampling with diffusion models), $Δ$G-Diff (free-energy differences via tilted ensembles), and MetaDiff (a batchwise analogue for metadynamics). Across toy systems, protein folding landscapes and folding free energies, our methods achieve fast, accurate, and scalable estimation of equilibrium properties within GPU-minutes to hours per system -- closing the rare-event sampling gap that remained after the advent of diffusion-model equilibrium samplers.21:T76b,Twinning is a primary deformation mechanism in Mg alloys. This study focuses on tension twins during uniaxial compression of Mg-Y alloys, with three key aspects: the orientation specificity of twin grains, the relative evolution of CRSS with increasing Y content, and the local stress and strain evolution at twin sites. Experimental characterization and crystal plasticity modeling were performed. In Mg-7wt.%Y, TT2-{112-1} tension twins were observed in addition to the common TT1-{101-2} twins. Increasing Y suppressed TT1 formation while promoting TT2 activity. A previously unreported group of crystallographic orientations with a higher global Schmid factor for <c+a> slip was identified, which exhibited TT1 twinning with increasing compression strain. To elucidate Y effects on twin activity and local mechanical fields, both TT1 and TT2 tension twin modes were incorporated into PRISMS-Plasticity, an open-source, finite element-based crystal plasticity solver. Four binary Mg-Y alloys were modeled under compression, and statistical analysis was conducted to correlate initial orientations, stress-strain distributions, and twin activities as functions of Y concentration. The plasticity analysis revealed that increasing Y decreases the CRSS ratio of prismatic and pyramidal slip relative to TT1 twinning, while the slip-to-twin CRSS ratio for TT2 increases, thereby serving as a potential indicator of differential twin activity with Y addition in Mg alloys. Additionally, despite their small volume fraction, TT2 twin sites were predicted higher local strain accumulation locally, relative to the representative volume element and TT1 twins, suggesting their potential influence on localized phenomena such as recrystallization or twin nucleation. These findings provide insight into local mechanical behavior in Mg alloys and support alloy design for advanced engineering applications.22:T50f,In principle, machine learning (ML) can be used to obtain any electronic property of a many-body system from its electron density within density functional theory. However, some physical quantities are highly sensitive to small variations in the density. This 'ill-conditioning' limits the accuracy with which these quantities can be learned as density functionals from a fixed amount of data. We identify sources of ill-conditioning present in density functionals that belong to two ubiquitous classes: 1) Physical quantities that are globally gauge-dependent, meaning they change value if a constant shift is applied to the external potential -- for example, the total energy; 2) Functionals of the N-electron density that have an implicit dependence on the (N+1)-electron density, such as the fundamental gap. We demonstrate that widely used ML models exhibit orders-of-magnitude greater error when applied to these ill-conditioned density functionals compared to other functionals that fall into neither class, even when the global gauge is fixed to prevent constant shifts. Owing to an absence of ill-conditioning in potential functionals, we find that providing the external potential as input to the ML model leads to significantly improved predictions of quantities in these two classes.23:T45e,Exciton transfer dynamics between chromophores depends on excitonic coupling, which is governed by relative orientation between the chromophores. While the excitonic coupling is treated as a static parameter in many cases, structural dynamics can introduce time-dependence on the excitonic coupling. However, influence of the dynamics of excitonic coupling on the exciton transfer has been scarcely understood. In the present study, exciton transfer under dynamical fluctuation in excitonic coupling was investigated via combined use of non-adiabatic molecular dynamics simulations, exciton density analysis, and a simple two-state model, for inter-ligand exciton transfer in bis(dipyrrinato)Zn(II) as the example case. The reaction coordinate for the exciton transfer was obtained a posteriori via regression analysis where the target and explanatory variables are diabatic energy gaps and atomic displacements, respectively. The results suggest that dynamical angular fluctuation between the two dipyrrinato ligands incidentally increase the excitonic coupling, accelerating the exciton transfer between the ligands.24:T672,Dexterous manipulation policies today largely assume fixed hand designs, severely restricting their generalization to new embodiments with varied kinematic and structural layouts. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a parameterized canonical representation that unifies a broad spectrum of dexterous hand architectures. It comprises a unified parameter space and a canonical URDF format, offering three key advantages. 1) The parameter space captures essential morphological and kinematic variations for effective conditioning in learning algorithms. 2) A structured latent manifold can be learned over our space, where interpolations between embodiments yield smooth and physically meaningful morphology transitions. 3) The canonical URDF standardizes the action space while preserving dynamic and functional properties of the original URDFs, enabling efficient and reliable cross-embodiment policy learning. We validate these advantages through extensive analysis and experiments, including grasp policy replay, VAE latent encoding, and cross-embodiment zero-shot transfer. Specifically, we train a VAE on the unified representation to obtain a compact, semantically rich latent embedding, and develop a grasping policy conditioned on the canonical representation that generalizes across dexterous hands. We demonstrate, through simulation and real-world tasks on unseen morphologies (e.g., 81.9% zero-shot success rate on 3-finger LEAP Hand), that our framework unifies both the representational and action spaces of structurally diverse hands, providing a scalable foundation for cross-hand learning toward universal dexterous manipulation.25:T590,Human behavior is among the most scalable sources of data for learning physical intelligence, yet how to effectively leverage it for dexterous manipulation remains unclear. While prior work demonstrates human to robot transfer in constrained settings, it is unclear whether large scale human data can support fine grained, high degree of freedom dexterous manipulation. We present EgoScale, a human to dexterous manipulation transfer framework built on large scale egocentric human data. We train a Vision Language Action (VLA) model on over 20,854 hours of action labeled egocentric human video, more than 20 times larger than prior efforts, and uncover a log linear scaling law between human data scale and validation loss. This validation loss strongly correlates with downstream real robot performance, establishing large scale human data as a predictable supervision source. Beyond scale, we introduce a simple two stage transfer recipe: large scale human pretraining followed by lightweight aligned human robot mid training. This enables strong long horizon dexterous manipulation and one shot task adaptation with minimal robot supervision. Our final policy improves average success rate by 54% over a no pretraining baseline using a 22 DoF dexterous robotic hand, and transfers effectively to robots with lower DoF hands, indicating that large scale human motion provides a reusable, embodiment agnostic motor prior.26:T6bf,Visual loco-manipulation of arbitrary objects in the wild with humanoid robots requires accurate end-effector (EE) control and a generalizable understanding of the scene via visual inputs (e.g., RGB-D images). Existing approaches are based on real-world imitation learning and exhibit limited generalization due to the difficulty in collecting large-scale training datasets. This paper presents a new paradigm, HERO, for object loco-manipulation with humanoid robots that combines the strong generalization and open-vocabulary understanding of large vision models with strong control performance from simulated training. We achieve this by designing an accurate residual-aware EE tracking policy. This EE tracking policy combines classical robotics with machine learning. It uses a) inverse kinematics to convert residual end-effector targets into reference trajectories, b) a learned neural forward model for accurate forward kinematics, c) goal adjustment, and d) replanning. Together, these innovations help us cut down the end-effector tracking error by 3.2x. We use this accurate end-effector tracker to build a modular system for loco-manipulation, where we use open-vocabulary large vision models for strong visual generalization. Our system is able to operate in diverse real-world environments, from offices to coffee shops, where the robot is able to reliably manipulate various everyday objects (e.g., mugs, apples, toys) on surfaces ranging from 43cm to 92cm in height. Systematic modular and end-to-end tests in simulation and the real world demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed design. We believe the advances in this paper can open up new ways of training humanoid robots to interact with daily objects.27:T442,In order for close proximity satellites to safely perform their missions, the relative states of all satellites and pieces of debris must be well understood. This presents a problem for ground based tracking and orbit determination since it may not be practical to achieve the required accuracy. Using space-based sensors allows for more accurate relative state estimates, especially if multiple satellites are allowed to communicate. Of interest to this work is the case where several communicating satellites each need to maintain a local catalog of communicating and non-communicating objects using angles-only limited field of view (FOV) measurements. However, this introduces the problem of efficiently scheduling and coordinating observations among the agents. This paper presents a decentralized task allocation algorithm to address this problem and quantifies its performance in terms of fuel usage and overall catalog uncertainty via numerical simulation. It was found that the new method significantly outperforms the uncertainty-fuel Pareto frontier formed by current approaches.28:T545,Learning to manipulate cloth is both a paradigmatic problem for robotic research and a problem of immediate relevance to a variety of applications ranging from assistive care to the service industry. The complex physics of the deformable object makes this problem of cloth manipulation nontrivial. In order to create a general manipulation strategy that addresses a variety of shapes, sizes, fold and wrinkle patterns, in addition to the usual problems of appearance variations, it becomes important to carefully consider model structure and their implications for generalisation performance. In this paper, we present an approach to in-air cloth manipulation that uses a variation of a recently proposed reinforcement learning architecture, DreamerV2. Our implementation modifies this architecture to utilise surface normals input, in addition to modiying the replay buffer and data augmentation procedures. Taken together these modifications represent an enhancement to the world model used by the robot, addressing the physical complexity of the object being manipulated by the robot. We present evaluations both in simulation and in a zero-shot deployment of the trained policies in a physical robot setup, performing in-air unfolding of a variety of different cloth types, demonstrating the generalisation benefits of our proposed architecture.29:T73b,Medical ultrasound (US) imaging is a frontline tool for the diagnosis of kidney diseases. However, traditional freehand imaging procedure suffers from inconsistent, operator-dependent outcomes, lack of 3D localization information, and risks of work-related musculoskeletal disorders. While robotic ultrasound (RUS) systems offer the potential for standardized, operator-independent 3D kidney data acquisition, the existing scanning methods lack the ability to determine the optimal imaging window for efficient imaging. As a result, the scan is often blindly performed with excessive probe footprint, which frequently leads to acoustic shadowing and incomplete organ coverage. Consequently, there is a critical need for a spatially efficient imaging technique that can maximize the kidney coverage through minimum probe footprint. Here, we propose an autonomous workflow to achieve efficient kidney imaging via template-guided optimal pivoting. The system first performs an explorative imaging to generate partial observations of the kidney. This data is then registered to a kidney template to estimate the organ pose. With the kidney localized, the robot executes a fixed-point pivoting sweep where the imaging plane is aligned with the kidney long axis to minimize the probe translation. The proposed method was validated in simulation and in-vivo. Simulation results indicate that a 60% exploration ratio provides optimal balance between kidney localization accuracy and scanning efficiency. In-vivo evaluation on two male subjects demonstrates a kidney localization accuracy up to 7.36 mm and 13.84 degrees. Moreover, the optimal pivoting approach shortened the probe footprint by around 75 mm when compared with the baselines. These results valid our approach of leveraging anatomical templates to align the probe optimally for volumetric sweep.2a:T627,Trajectory estimation involves determining the trajectory of a mobile robot by combining prior knowledge about its dynamic model with noisy observations of its state obtained using sensors. The accuracy of such a procedure is dictated by the system model fidelity and the sensor parameters, such as the accuracy of the sensor (as represented by its noise covariance) and the rate at which it can generate observations, referred to as the sensor query schedule. Intuitively, high-rate measurements from accurate sensors lead to accurate trajectory estimation. However, cost and resource constraints limit the sensor accuracy and its measurement rate. Our work's novel contribution is the estimation of sensor schedules and sensor covariances necessary to achieve a specific estimation accuracy. Concretely, we focus on estimating: (i) the rate or schedule with which a sensor of known covariance must generate measurements to achieve specific estimation accuracy, and alternatively, (ii) the sensor covariance necessary to achieve specific estimation accuracy for a given sensor update rate. We formulate the problem of estimating these sensor parameters as semidefinite programs, which can be solved by off-the-shelf solvers. We validate our approach in simulation and real experiments by showing that the sensor schedules and the sensor covariances calculated using our proposed method achieve the desired trajectory estimation accuracy. Our method also identifies scenarios where certain estimation accuracy is unachievable with the given system and sensor characteristics.2b:T577,Controlling a team of robots in a coordinated manner is challenging because centralized approaches (where all computation is performed on a central machine) scale poorly, and globally referenced external localization systems may not always be available. In this work, we consider the problem of range-aided decentralized localization and formation control. In such a setting, each robot estimates its relative pose by combining data only from onboard odometry sensors and distance measurements to other robots in the team. Additionally, each robot calculates the control inputs necessary to collaboratively navigate an environment to accomplish a specific task, for example, moving in a desired formation while monitoring an area. We present a block coordinate descent approach to localization that does not require strict coordination between the robots. We present a novel formulation for formation control as inference on factor graphs that takes into account the state estimation uncertainty and can be solved efficiently. Our approach to range-aided localization and formation-based navigation is completely decentralized, does not require specialized trajectories to maintain formation, and achieves decimeter-level positioning and formation control accuracy. We demonstrate our approach through multiple real experiments involving formation flights in diverse indoor and outdoor environments.2c:T5c5,This research paper proposes an efficient methodology for the allocation of multiple photovoltaic (PV)-based distributed generation (DG) units in the radial distribution network (RDN), while considering the loading capacity of the network. The proposed method is structured using a two-stage approach. In the first stage, the additional active power loading capacity of the network and each individual bus is determined using an iterative approach. This analysis quantifies the network's additional active loadability limits and identifies buses with high active power loading capacity, which are considered candidate nodes for the placement of DG units. Subsequently, in the second stage, the optimal locations and sizes of DG units are determined using the Monte Carlo method, with the objectives of minimizing voltage deviation and reducing active power losses in the network. The methodology is validated on the standard IEEE 33-bus RDN to determine the optimal locations and sizes of DG units. The results demonstrate that the optimal allocation of one, two, and three DG units, achieved from proposed method, reduces network active power losses by 50.37%, 58.62%, and 65.16%, respectively, and also significantly enhances the voltage profile across all buses. When the obtained results are compared with the results of several existing studies, it is found that the proposed method allows for larger DG capacities and maintains better voltage profiles throughout the RDN.0:["-gPlhoCPnKif9lnxAOn7M",[[["",{"children":["__PAGE__",{}]},"$undefined","$undefined",true],["",{"children":["__PAGE__",{},[["$L1",["$","div",null,{"children":[["$","div",null,{"className":"mb-16 pt-6","children":[["$","h1",null,{"className":"text-5xl mb-4","style":{"fontFamily":"var(--font-heading)","color":"var(--text-primary)","fontWeight":600,"lineHeight":1.2},"children":"Research Papers"}],["$","p",null,{"className":"text-xl mb-6","style":{"color":"var(--text-secondary)","fontStyle":"italic","fontWeight":300,"maxWidth":"36rem"},"children":"A daily collection of scholarly works from the arXiv, spanning the sciences and computation."}],["$","p",null,{"className":"text-xs tracking-wider uppercase","style":{"color":"var(--text-muted)","fontFamily":"var(--font-mono)","letterSpacing":"0.12em"},"children":["Last collected: ","Thursday, February 19, 2026"]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"flourish mt-8","children":"— • —"}]]}],[["$","$L2","cs",{"data":{"category":"cs","name":"CS Research","description":"Computer Science — AI, Machine Learning, NLP, Computer Vision","scraped_at":"2026-02-19T08:56:29.369578+00:00","paper_count":10,"papers":[{"id":"2602.16711v1","title":"TeCoNeRV: Leveraging Temporal Coherence for Compressible Neural Representations for Videos","authors":["Namitha Padmanabhan","Matthew Gwilliam","Abhinav Shrivastava"],"abstract":"$3","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16711v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16711v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:59:55Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:59:55Z","categories":["cs.CV"],"primary_category":"cs.CV"},{"id":"2602.16709v1","title":"Knowledge-Embedded Latent Projection for Robust Representation Learning","authors":["Weijing Tang","Ming Yuan","Zongqi Xia","Tianxi Cai"],"abstract":"$4","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16709v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16709v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:58:16Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:58:16Z","categories":["cs.LG","math.ST","stat.ME"],"primary_category":"cs.LG"},{"id":"2602.16708v1","title":"Policy Compiler for Secure Agentic Systems","authors":["Nils Palumbo","Sarthak Choudhary","Jihye Choi","Prasad Chalasani","Mihai Christodorescu","Somesh Jha"],"abstract":"$5","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16708v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16708v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:57:12Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:57:12Z","categories":["cs.CR","cs.AI","cs.MA"],"primary_category":"cs.CR"},{"id":"2602.16705v1","title":"Learning Humanoid End-Effector Control for Open-Vocabulary Visual Loco-Manipulation","authors":["Runpei Dong","Ziyan Li","Xialin He","Saurabh Gupta"],"abstract":"$6","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16705v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16705v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:55:02Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:55:02Z","categories":["cs.RO","cs.CV"],"primary_category":"cs.RO"},{"id":"2602.16704v1","title":"Reinforced Fast Weights with Next-Sequence Prediction","authors":["Hee Seung Hwang","Xindi Wu","Sanghyuk Chun","Olga Russakovsky"],"abstract":"$7","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16704v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16704v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:53:18Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:53:18Z","categories":["cs.CL"],"primary_category":"cs.CL"},{"id":"2602.16703v1","title":"Measuring Mid-2025 LLM-Assistance on Novice Performance in Biology","authors":["Shen Zhou Hong","Alex Kleinman","Alyssa Mathiowetz","Adam Howes","Julian Cohen","Suveer Ganta","Alex Letizia","Dora Liao","Deepika Pahari","Xavier Roberts-Gaal","Luca Righetti","Joe Torres"],"abstract":"$8","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16703v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16703v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:51:28Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:51:28Z","categories":["cs.CY","cs.AI"],"primary_category":"cs.CY"},{"id":"2602.16702v1","title":"Saliency-Aware Multi-Route Thinking: Revisiting Vision-Language Reasoning","authors":["Mingjia Shi","Yinhan He","Yaochen Zhu","Jundong Li"],"abstract":"$9","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16702v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16702v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:49:56Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:49:56Z","categories":["cs.CV"],"primary_category":"cs.CV"},{"id":"2602.16699v1","title":"Calibrate-Then-Act: Cost-Aware Exploration in LLM Agents","authors":["Wenxuan Ding","Nicholas Tomlin","Greg Durrett"],"abstract":"$a","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16699v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16699v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:46:14Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:46:14Z","categories":["cs.CL","cs.AI"],"primary_category":"cs.CL"},{"id":"2602.16698v1","title":"Causality is Key for Interpretability Claims to Generalise","authors":["Shruti Joshi","Aaron Mueller","David Klindt","Wieland Brendel","Patrik Reizinger","Dhanya Sridhar"],"abstract":"$b","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16698v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16698v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:45:04Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:45:04Z","categories":["cs.LG"],"primary_category":"cs.LG"},{"id":"2602.16697v1","title":"Protecting the Undeleted in Machine Unlearning","authors":["Aloni Cohen","Refael Kohen","Kobbi Nissim","Uri Stemmer"],"abstract":"$c","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16697v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16697v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:44:21Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:44:21Z","categories":["cs.LG","cs.DS"],"primary_category":"cs.LG"}]},"maxPapers":3,"showViewAll":true}],["$","$L2","physics",{"data":{"category":"physics","name":"Physics Research","description":"Physics — Quantum Physics, High Energy Theory, General Relativity","scraped_at":"2026-02-19T08:56:39.031944+00:00","paper_count":10,"papers":[{"id":"2602.16694v1","title":"Yang-Mills Flux Tube in AdS II: Effective String Theory","authors":["Barak Gabai","Victor Gorbenko","Bendeguz Offertaler"],"abstract":"We continue the study of flux tubes in confining gauge theories placed in a rigid AdS background, focusing on the three-dimensional case. Our analysis is performed in the large-radius regime, where effective string theory provides a good approximation of the dynamics. Using a combination of techniques, primarily the analytic transcendentality ansatz bootstrap, we compute observables up to two-loop order in the expansion in powers of the string length over the AdS radius, which constitutes the main result of this work. Finally, we employ Padé resummations to explore the possible compatibility of our results with a smooth interpolation of observables between large-radius AdS and small-radius AdS, in which gauge theory is weakly coupled.","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16694v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16694v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:40:37Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:40:37Z","categories":["hep-th","hep-ph"],"primary_category":"hep-th"},{"id":"2602.16693v1","title":"Numerical study of non-relativistic quantum systems and small oscillations induced in a helically twisted geometry","authors":["C. F. S. Pereira","R. L. L. Vitória","A. R. Soares","B. B. Silva","H. Belich","Edilberto O. Silva"],"abstract":"$d","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16693v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16693v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:39:54Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:39:54Z","categories":["quant-ph","math-ph"],"primary_category":"quant-ph"},{"id":"2602.16691v1","title":"Two-mode dominance and deterministic parameter bias bounds for equatorial Kerr-de Sitter ringdown","authors":["Ruiliang Li"],"abstract":"$e","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16691v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16691v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:37:02Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:37:02Z","categories":["math-ph","gr-qc","math.AP"],"primary_category":"math-ph"},{"id":"2602.16680v1","title":"Intermodal quantum key distribution over an 18 km free-space channel with adaptive optics and room-temperature detectors","authors":["Edoardo Rossi","Ilektra Karakosta-Amarantidou","Matteo Padovan","Marco Nardi","Marco Avesani","Francesco Bruno Leonardo Santagiustina","Marco Taffarello","Antonio Vanzo","Stefano Bonora","Giuseppe Vallone","Paolo Villoresi","Francesco Vedovato"],"abstract":"$f","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16680v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16680v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:21:12Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:21:12Z","categories":["quant-ph"],"primary_category":"quant-ph"},{"id":"2602.16658v1","title":"Exponential concentration of fluctuations in mean-field boson dynamics","authors":["Matias Gabriel Ginzburg","Simone Rademacher","Giacomo De Palma"],"abstract":"We study the mean-field dynamics of a system of $N$ interacting bosons starting from an initially condensated state. For a broad class of mean-field Hamiltonians, including models with arbitrary bounded interactions and models with unbounded interaction potentials, we prove that the probability of having $n$ particles outside the condensate decays exponentially in $n$ for any finite evolution time. Our results strengthen previously known bounds that provide only polynomial control on the probability of having $n$ excitations.","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16658v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16658v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:01:05Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:01:05Z","categories":["math-ph","cond-mat.stat-mech","quant-ph"],"primary_category":"math-ph"},{"id":"2602.16657v1","title":"The spatial Wilson loops, string breaking, and AdS/QCD","authors":["Oleg Andreev"],"abstract":"We consider the phenomenon of string breaking in the context of the spatial Wilson loops using the gauge/string duality. In particular, we discuss the impact of light flavors on the pseudopotential. We also introduce the notion of the spatial string breaking distance and estimate it for $SU(3)$ gauge theory in the temperature range $0\\,\\text{-}\\,3\\,T_c$.","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16657v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16657v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:58:37Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:58:37Z","categories":["hep-ph","hep-lat","hep-th","nucl-th"],"primary_category":"hep-ph"},{"id":"2602.16655v1","title":"Amplification of bosonic interactions through squeezing in the presence of decoherence","authors":["Ankit Tiwari","Cecilia Cormick","Christian Arenz"],"abstract":"We consider the amplification of bosonic interactions through parametric control that implements squeezing along orthogonal quadratures. We show that bosonic interactions described by certain classes of quadratic and quartic Hamiltonians can be enhanced in this way while simultaneously overcoming noise and decoherence. In general, the amplification method enhances both desired and undesired interactions present in the system. Depending on the case, however, detrimental processes can be less amplified than the desired couplings. We leverage this observation to improve the fidelity for preparing Bell-type entangled states between two bosonic modes in the presence of noise and losses. We also investigate noise models for which the protocol either fails or partially achieves a loss-tolerant state preparation speedup. Our work facilitates faster preparation of complex quantum states and implementation of entangling gates in the presence of decoherence mechanisms.","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16655v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16655v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:53:43Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:53:43Z","categories":["quant-ph"],"primary_category":"quant-ph"},{"id":"2602.16627v1","title":"Dynamic effects of external axion fields in a system of many particles with spin","authors":["Mariya Iv. Trukhanova","Yuri N. Obukhov"],"abstract":"We develop the theoretical model that describes dynamic non-equilibrium effects of external inertial and axion fields in a system of particles with spin. The possibility of using the spin density and the current density of non-relativistic quantum particle systems for the detection of the hypothetical axion-like dark matter is discussed. The resulting closed system of dynamic equations encompasses the continuity equation, the momentum balance equation, and the spin density evolution equation, accounting for the influence of the spin-rotation coupling and the external axion fields. The new formalism opens up new perspectives for an experimental search of dark matter axions.","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16627v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16627v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:22:26Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:22:26Z","categories":["hep-th"],"primary_category":"hep-th"},{"id":"2602.16623v1","title":"Beyond the Classical Ceiling: Multi-Layer Fully-Connected Variational Quantum Circuits","authors":["Howard Su","Chen-Yu Liu","Samuel Yen-Chi Chen","Kuan-Cheng Chen","Huan-Hsin Tseng"],"abstract":"$10","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16623v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16623v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:18:23Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:18:23Z","categories":["quant-ph"],"primary_category":"quant-ph"},{"id":"2602.16613v1","title":"Bichromatic Quantum Teleportation of Weak Coherent Polarization States on a Metropolitan Fiber","authors":["Zofia A. Borowska","Shane Andrewski","Giorgio De Pascalis","Olivia Brasher","Mael Flament","Alexander N. Craddock","Niccolò Bigagli","Ronny Döring","Michaela Ritter","Ralf-Peter Braun","Klaus Jons","Marc Geitz","Oliver Holschke","Matheus Sena","Mehdi Namazi"],"abstract":"$11","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16613v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16613v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:07:26Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:07:26Z","categories":["quant-ph"],"primary_category":"quant-ph"}]},"maxPapers":3,"showViewAll":true}],["$","$L2","biology",{"data":{"category":"biology","name":"Biology Research","description":"Quantitative Biology — Genomics, Biophysics, Neuroscience","scraped_at":"2026-02-19T08:56:32.581244+00:00","paper_count":10,"papers":[{"id":"2602.16696v1","title":"Parameter-free representations outperform single-cell foundation models on downstream benchmarks","authors":["Huan Souza","Pankaj Mehta"],"abstract":"$12","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16696v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16696v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:42:29Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:42:29Z","categories":["q-bio.GN","cs.LG","q-bio.QM"],"primary_category":"q-bio.GN"},{"id":"2602.16633v1","title":"Behavioral change models for infectious disease transmission: a systematic review (2020-2025)","authors":["Youngji Jo","Sileshi Sintayehu Sharbayta","Bruno Buonomo"],"abstract":"$13","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16633v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16633v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:26:11Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:26:11Z","categories":["q-bio.PE"],"primary_category":"q-bio.PE"},{"id":"2602.16626v1","title":"A Systematic Evaluation of Sample-Level Tokenization Strategies for MEG Foundation Models","authors":["SungJun Cho","Chetan Gohil","Rukuang Huang","Oiwi Parker Jones","Mark W. Woolrich"],"abstract":"$14","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16626v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16626v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:21:02Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:21:02Z","categories":["cs.LG","cs.AI","q-bio.NC"],"primary_category":"cs.LG"},{"id":"2602.16584v1","title":"The Representational Alignment Hypothesis: Evidence for and Consequences of Invariant Semantic Structure Across Embedding Modalities","authors":["Akhil Ramidi","Kevin Scharp"],"abstract":"$15","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16584v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16584v1","published":"2026-02-18T16:29:27Z","updated":"2026-02-18T16:29:27Z","categories":["q-bio.NC"],"primary_category":"q-bio.NC"},{"id":"2602.16447v1","title":"Evolutionary Advantage of Diversity-Generating Retroelements in Switching Environments","authors":["Léo Régnier","Paul Rochette","Raphaël Laurenceau","David Bikard","Simona Cocco","Rémi Monasson"],"abstract":"Diversity-Generating Retroelements (DGRs) create rapid, targeted variation within specific genomic regions in phages and bacteria. They operate through stochastic retro-transcription of a template region (TR) into a variable region (VR), which typically encodes ligand-binding proteins. Despite their prevalence, the evolutionary conditions that maintain such hypermutating systems remain unclear. Here we introduce a two-timescale framework separating fast VR diversification from slow TR evolution, allowing the dynamics of DGR-controlled loci to be analytically understood from the TR design point of view. We quantity the fitness gain provided by the diversification mechanism of DGR in the presence of environmental switching with respect to standard mutagenesis. Our framework accounts for observed patterns of DGR activity in human-gut \\textit{Bacteroides} and clarifies when constitutive DGR activation is evolutionarily favored.","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16447v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16447v1","published":"2026-02-18T13:31:53Z","updated":"2026-02-18T13:31:53Z","categories":["q-bio.PE","cond-mat.stat-mech"],"primary_category":"q-bio.PE"},{"id":"2602.16282v1","title":"Neutral species facilitate coexistence among cyclically competing species under birth and death processes","authors":["Yikang Lu","Wenhao She","Xiaofang Duan","Junpyo Park"],"abstract":"$16","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16282v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16282v1","published":"2026-02-18T09:06:06Z","updated":"2026-02-18T09:06:06Z","categories":["q-bio.PE","physics.soc-ph"],"primary_category":"q-bio.PE"},{"id":"2602.16255v1","title":"Piecewise integrability of the discrete Hasimoto map for analytic prediction and design of helical peptides","authors":["Yiquan Wang"],"abstract":"$17","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16255v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16255v1","published":"2026-02-18T08:11:23Z","updated":"2026-02-18T08:11:23Z","categories":["q-bio.BM","math-ph","nlin.PS","nlin.SI"],"primary_category":"q-bio.BM"},{"id":"2602.16129v1","title":"Oscillation Criteria in Large-Scale Gene Regulatory Networks with Intrinsic Fluctuations","authors":["Manuel Eduardo Hernández-García","Jorge Velázquez-Castro"],"abstract":"$18","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16129v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16129v1","published":"2026-02-18T01:40:27Z","updated":"2026-02-18T01:40:27Z","categories":["q-bio.MN"],"primary_category":"q-bio.MN"},{"id":"2602.16072v1","title":"Omni-iEEG: A Large-Scale, Comprehensive iEEG Dataset and Benchmark for Epilepsy Research","authors":["Chenda Duan","Yipeng Zhang","Sotaro Kanai","Yuanyi Ding","Atsuro Daida","Pengyue Yu","Tiancheng Zheng","Naoto Kuroda","Shaun A. Hussain","Eishi Asano","Hiroki Nariai","Vwani Roychowdhury"],"abstract":"$19","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16072v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16072v1","published":"2026-02-17T22:55:11Z","updated":"2026-02-17T22:55:11Z","categories":["cs.LG","cs.AI","q-bio.NC"],"primary_category":"cs.LG"},{"id":"2602.16059v1","title":"Properties of biodiversity indices that model future extinction risk","authors":["Mike Steel","Kristina Wicke","Arne Mooers"],"abstract":"$1a","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16059v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16059v1","published":"2026-02-17T22:16:20Z","updated":"2026-02-17T22:16:20Z","categories":["q-bio.PE"],"primary_category":"q-bio.PE"}]},"maxPapers":3,"showViewAll":true}],["$","$L2","electrochem",{"data":{"category":"electrochem","name":"Electrochem Research","description":"Electrochemistry — Materials Science, Chemical Physics, Applied Physics","scraped_at":"2026-02-19T08:56:35.791594+00:00","paper_count":10,"papers":[{"id":"2602.16701v1","title":"Understanding the kinetics of static recrystallization in Mg-Zn-Ca alloys using an integrated PRISMS simulation framework","authors":["David Montiel","Philip Staublin","Supriyo Chakraborty","Tracy Berman","Chaitali Patil","Michael Pilipchuk","Veera Sundararaghavan","John Allison","Katsuyo Thornton"],"abstract":"$1b","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16701v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16701v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:47:12Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:47:12Z","categories":["cond-mat.mtrl-sci"],"primary_category":"cond-mat.mtrl-sci"},{"id":"2602.16679v1","title":"Ab Initio Auxiliary-Field Quantum Monte Carlo in the Thermodynamic Limit","authors":["Jinghong Zhang","Meng-Fu Chen","Adam Rettig","Tong Jiang","Paul J. Robinson","Hieu Q. Dinh","Anton Z. Ni","Joonho Lee"],"abstract":"$1c","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16679v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16679v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:19:33Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:19:33Z","categories":["cond-mat.str-el","cond-mat.mtrl-sci","physics.chem-ph"],"primary_category":"cond-mat.str-el"},{"id":"2602.16649v1","title":"Design Principles for Fluid Molecular Ferroelectrics","authors":["Calum J Gibb","Jordan Hobbs","William C Ogle","Richard J Mandle"],"abstract":"$1d","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16649v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16649v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:45:26Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:45:26Z","categories":["cond-mat.soft","cond-mat.mtrl-sci"],"primary_category":"cond-mat.soft"},{"id":"2602.16647v1","title":"Growth and crystallographic structure of TiTe$_2$ on Au(111): From sub-monolayer structures to single- and multi-layer films","authors":["Andreas Raabgrund","Tilman Kißlinger","Alexander Wegerich","Lutz Hammer","M. Alexander Schneider"],"abstract":"$1e","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16647v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16647v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:41:14Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:41:14Z","categories":["cond-mat.mtrl-sci"],"primary_category":"cond-mat.mtrl-sci"},{"id":"2602.16636v1","title":"Universal Framework for Decomposing Ionic Transport into Interpretable Mechanisms","authors":["KyuJung Jun","Pablo A. Leon","Jurğis Ruža","Juno Nam","Rafael Gómez-Bombarelli"],"abstract":"$1f","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16636v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16636v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:26:41Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:26:41Z","categories":["cond-mat.mtrl-sci"],"primary_category":"cond-mat.mtrl-sci"},{"id":"2602.16634v1","title":"Enhanced Diffusion Sampling: Efficient Rare Event Sampling and Free Energy Calculation with Diffusion Models","authors":["Yu Xie","Ludwig Winkler","Lixin Sun","Sarah Lewis","Adam E. Foster","José Jiménez Luna","Tim Hempel","Michael Gastegger","Yaoyi Chen","Iryna Zaporozhets","Cecilia Clementi","Christopher M. Bishop","Frank Noé"],"abstract":"$20","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16634v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16634v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:26:15Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:26:15Z","categories":["stat.ML","cs.AI","cs.LG","physics.bio-ph","physics.chem-ph"],"primary_category":"stat.ML"},{"id":"2602.16632v1","title":"Understanding the influence of yttrium on the dominant twinning mode and local mechanical field evolution in extruded Mg-Y alloys","authors":["Chaitali Patil","Qianying Shi","Abhishek Kumar","Veera Sundararaghavan","John Allison"],"abstract":"$21","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16632v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16632v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:26:08Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:26:08Z","categories":["cond-mat.mtrl-sci","physics.comp-ph"],"primary_category":"cond-mat.mtrl-sci"},{"id":"2602.16628v1","title":"Stoichiometry Dependent Properties of Cerium Hydride: An Active Learning Developed Interatomic Potential Study","authors":["Brenden W. Hamilton","Travis E. Jones","Timothy C. Germann","Benjamin T. Nebgen"],"abstract":"Cerium hydride has a variety of interesting properties, including a known lattice contraction and densification with increasing hydrogen content. However, precise stoichiometric control is not experimentally straightforward and {\\it ab initio} approaches are not computationally feasible for many properties such as melting and low temperature diffusion. Therefore, we develop a machine-learned interatomic potential for cerium hydride that is valid for H to Ce ratios from 2.0 to 3.0. A query-by-committee active learning approach is used to develop the training set. Leveraging classical molecular dynamics simulations, we assess a range of properties and provide fundamental mechanisms for the trends with stoichiometry. A majority of the properties follow the trend of lattice contraction, being governed by the stronger lattice binding induced by adding octahedral atoms.","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16628v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16628v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:22:49Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:22:49Z","categories":["cond-mat.mtrl-sci"],"primary_category":"cond-mat.mtrl-sci"},{"id":"2602.16618v1","title":"Addressing Ill-conditioning in Density Functional Theory for Reliable Machine Learning","authors":["L. Arnstein","J. Wetherell","R. Lawrence","P. J. Hasnip","M. J. P. Hodgson"],"abstract":"$22","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16618v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16618v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:10:33Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:10:33Z","categories":["cond-mat.mtrl-sci"],"primary_category":"cond-mat.mtrl-sci"},{"id":"2602.16617v1","title":"Fluctuation-induced acceleration of inter-ligand exciton transfer in bis(dipyrrinato)Zn(II) complex","authors":["Hiroki Uratani","Hirofumi Sato"],"abstract":"$23","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16617v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16617v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:09:36Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:09:36Z","categories":["physics.chem-ph"],"primary_category":"physics.chem-ph"}]},"maxPapers":3,"showViewAll":true}],["$","$L2","robotics",{"data":{"category":"robotics","name":"Robotics Research","description":"Robotics — Motion Planning, Control Systems, Human-Robot Interaction, Autonomous Systems","scraped_at":"2026-02-19T08:56:42.398414+00:00","paper_count":10,"papers":[{"id":"2602.16712v1","title":"One Hand to Rule Them All: Canonical Representations for Unified Dexterous Manipulation","authors":["Zhenyu Wei","Yunchao Yao","Mingyu Ding"],"abstract":"$24","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16712v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16712v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:59:57Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:59:57Z","categories":["cs.RO"],"primary_category":"cs.RO"},{"id":"2602.16710v1","title":"EgoScale: Scaling Dexterous Manipulation with Diverse Egocentric Human Data","authors":["Ruijie Zheng","Dantong Niu","Yuqi Xie","Jing Wang","Mengda Xu","Yunfan Jiang","Fernando Castañeda","Fengyuan Hu","You Liang Tan","Letian Fu","Trevor Darrell","Furong Huang","Yuke Zhu","Danfei Xu","Linxi Fan"],"abstract":"$25","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16710v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16710v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:59:05Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:59:05Z","categories":["cs.RO"],"primary_category":"cs.RO"},{"id":"2602.16705v1","title":"Learning Humanoid End-Effector Control for Open-Vocabulary Visual Loco-Manipulation","authors":["Runpei Dong","Ziyan Li","Xialin He","Saurabh Gupta"],"abstract":"$26","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16705v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16705v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:55:02Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:55:02Z","categories":["cs.RO","cs.CV"],"primary_category":"cs.RO"},{"id":"2602.16678v1","title":"Consensus Based Task Allocation for Angles-Only Local Catalog Maintenance of Satellite Systems","authors":["Harrison Perone","Christopher W. Hays"],"abstract":"$27","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16678v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16678v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:17:04Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:17:04Z","categories":["cs.MA","eess.SY"],"primary_category":"cs.MA"},{"id":"2602.16675v1","title":"Learning to unfold cloth: Scaling up world models to deformable object manipulation","authors":["Jack Rome","Stephen James","Subramanian Ramamoorthy"],"abstract":"$28","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16675v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16675v1","published":"2026-02-18T18:14:41Z","updated":"2026-02-18T18:14:41Z","categories":["cs.RO"],"primary_category":"cs.RO"},{"id":"2602.16641v1","title":"Towards Autonomous Robotic Kidney Ultrasound: Spatial-Efficient Volumetric Imaging via Template Guided Optimal Pivoting","authors":["Xihan Ma","Haichong Zhang"],"abstract":"$29","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16641v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16641v1","published":"2026-02-18T17:31:11Z","updated":"2026-02-18T17:31:11Z","categories":["cs.RO"],"primary_category":"cs.RO"},{"id":"2602.16598v1","title":"Sensor Query Schedule and Sensor Noise Covariances for Accuracy-constrained Trajectory Estimation","authors":["Abhishek Goudar","Angela P. Schoellig"],"abstract":"$2a","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16598v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16598v1","published":"2026-02-18T16:52:28Z","updated":"2026-02-18T16:52:28Z","categories":["cs.RO"],"primary_category":"cs.RO"},{"id":"2602.16594v1","title":"Decentralized and Fully Onboard: Range-Aided Cooperative Localization and Navigation on Micro Aerial Vehicles","authors":["Abhishek Goudar","Angela P. Schoellig"],"abstract":"$2b","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16594v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16594v1","published":"2026-02-18T16:46:15Z","updated":"2026-02-18T16:46:15Z","categories":["cs.RO"],"primary_category":"cs.RO"},{"id":"2602.16586v1","title":"Nonparametric Kernel Regression for Coordinated Energy Storage Peak Shaving with Stacked Services","authors":["Emily Logan","Ning Qi","Bolun Xu"],"abstract":"Developing effective control strategies for behind-the-meter energy storage to coordinate peak shaving and stacked services is essential for reducing electricity costs and extending battery lifetime in commercial buildings. This work proposes an end-to-end, two-stage framework for coordinating peak shaving and energy arbitrage with a theoretical decomposition guarantee. In the first stage, a non-parametric kernel regression model constructs state-of-charge trajectory bounds from historical data that satisfy peak-shaving requirements. The second stage utilizes the remaining capacity for energy arbitrage via a transfer learning method. Case studies using New York City commercial building demand data show that our method achieves a 1.3 times improvement in performance over the state-of-the-art forecast-based method, achieving cost savings and effective peak management without relying on predictions.","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16586v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16586v1","published":"2026-02-18T16:37:31Z","updated":"2026-02-18T16:37:31Z","categories":["math.OC","eess.SY"],"primary_category":"math.OC"},{"id":"2602.16565v1","title":"Optimal Placement and Sizing of PV-Based DG Units in a Distribution Network Considering Loading Capacity","authors":["Abhinav Sharma","Pratyush Chakraborty","Manoj Datta","Kazi N. Hasan"],"abstract":"$2c","url":"https://arxiv.org/abs/2602.16565v1","pdf_url":"https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.16565v1","published":"2026-02-18T16:07:13Z","updated":"2026-02-18T16:07:13Z","categories":["eess.SY"],"primary_category":"eess.SY"}]},"maxPapers":3,"showViewAll":true}]]]}],null],null],null]},[[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/research-papers-site/_next/static/css/2ced0ed9549b8b5d.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined"}]],["$","html",null,{"lang":"en","children":["$","body",null,{"children":[["$","$L2d",null,{}],["$","main",null,{"className":"max-w-5xl mx-auto px-4 sm:px-6 lg:px-8 py-10","children":["$","$L2e",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L2f",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":[["$","title",null,{"children":"404: This page could not be found."}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"fontFamily":"system-ui,\"Segoe UI\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\"Apple Color Emoji\",\"Segoe UI Emoji\"","height":"100vh","textAlign":"center","display":"flex","flexDirection":"column","alignItems":"center","justifyContent":"center"},"children":["$","div",null,{"children":[["$","style",null,{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"__html":"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}"}}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"next-error-h1","style":{"display":"inline-block","margin":"0 20px 0 0","padding":"0 23px 0 0","fontSize":24,"fontWeight":500,"verticalAlign":"top","lineHeight":"49px"},"children":"404"}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"display":"inline-block"},"children":["$","h2",null,{"style":{"fontSize":14,"fontWeight":400,"lineHeight":"49px","margin":0},"children":"This page could not be found."}]}]]}]}]],"notFoundStyles":[]}]}],["$","footer",null,{"className":"py-12 mt-20 text-center text-sm","style":{"color":"var(--text-muted)"},"children":[["$","div",null,{"className":"flourish","children":"— • —"}],["$","p",null,{"className":"mt-4","style":{"fontFamily":"var(--font-body)","fontStyle":"italic"},"children":["Papers gathered daily from"," ",["$","a",null,{"href":"https://arxiv.org","target":"_blank","rel":"noopener noreferrer","className":"hover:underline","style":{"color":"var(--accent)"},"children":"arXiv.org"}]]}],["$","p",null,{"className":"mt-1 text-xs","style":{"color":"var(--text-muted)","opacity":0.6},"children":"Built with Next.js & GitHub Actions"}]]}]]}]}]],null],null],["$L30",null]]]]
30:[["$","meta","0",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1"}],["$","meta","1",{"charSet":"utf-8"}],["$","title","2",{"children":"Research Papers — A Daily Scholarly Digest"}],["$","meta","3",{"name":"description","content":"Daily curated research papers from arXiv — CS, Biology, Electrochemistry, and Physics."}]]
1:null
